# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure
# GURNOOR
## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Useful Resources
- [ScriptRunConfig Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-core/azureml.core.scriptrunconfig?view=azure-ml-py)
- [Configure and submit training runs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-set-up-training-targets)
- [HyperDriveConfig Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-train-core/azureml.train.hyperdrive.hyperdriveconfig?view=azure-ml-py)
- [How to tune hyperparamters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-tune-hyperparameters)


## Summary

This dataset contains data about customers info. We seek to predict people who could be potential customers according to some parameters such as marital status, education etc.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**
The best performaing model was a automl voting Ensemble algorithm.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline

Compute target- setting up the compute cl

Preprocessing of data- Firstly, getting the data from the link provided. Removing data if there are any NA values, then getting columns into 0,1 format using which we can use for the training purpose.

Training split- Dividing the final cleaned data into training set and testing set using the appropriate ratio.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**
We will tune the parameters 'C' and max_iter' using RandomParameterSampling to get the best accuracy.

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**
early termination policy- Selecting a policy so that we early terminate a run and dont waste resources and time in running that run.

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

The best performaing model was a automl voting Ensemble algorithm which uses various models to get the best results in terms of accuracy.


## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**
Auto ml accuracy- 0.9126001
Scikit-learn accuracy- 0.9123574

Automl outperformed Scikit-learn pipeline.

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**
We need more data to imrpove the accuracy of the model. 

